mods/ITEMS/mcl_jukebox/README.md, before:

# Jukebox mod for MineClone 2.

Based on the `jdukebox` mod by Jordach. This adds a jukebox block and
music disc. Just place a music disc in a jukebox and music starts
to play. And that's it!

## Track list

`mcl_jukebox_track_1.ogg`: “The Evil Sister (Jordach's Mix)” by SoundHelix (CC0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_2.ogg`: “The Energetic Rat (Jordach's Mix)” by SoundHelix (CC0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_3.ogg`: “Eastern Feeling” by Jordach (CC0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_4.ogg`: “Minetest” by Jordach (CC0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_5.ogg`: “Credit Roll (Jordach's HD Mix)” by Junichi Masuda (CC0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_6.ogg`: “Winter Feeling" by Tom Peter (CC BY-SA 3.0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_7.ogg`: “Synthgroove (Jordach's Mix)” by HeroOfTheWinds (CC0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_8.ogg`: “The Clueless Frog (Jordach's Mix)” by SoundHelix (CC0)

Note: 9 tracks are included. 3 music disc textures are currently unused.

### Sources

* “Winter Feeling”: <https://opengameart.org/content/winter-feeling>
* Other tracks: <https://github.com/Jordach/jdukebox/>

### License

Code licenced as GPLv3. Music under individual licenses (see abbreviations
above). Texture license: See main MineClone 2 README.md file.

See here for the full license texts:

* CC0: <https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>
* CC BY-SA 3.0: <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/>
* GPLv3: <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html>

Commit message:

Remove potentially copyrighted music track and replace by cc music
Soaring over the sea by mactonite (cc-by)
http://ccmixter.org/files/mactonite/65379

mods/ITEMS/mcl_jukebox/README.md, after:

# Jukebox mod for MineClone 2.

Based on the `jdukebox` mod by Jordach. This adds a jukebox block and
music disc. Just place a music disc in a jukebox and music starts
to play. And that's it!

## Track list

`mcl_jukebox_track_1.ogg`: “The Evil Sister (Jordach's Mix)” by SoundHelix (CC0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_2.ogg`: “The Energetic Rat (Jordach's Mix)” by SoundHelix (CC0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_3.ogg`: “Eastern Feeling” by Jordach (CC0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_4.ogg`: “Minetest” by Jordach (CC0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_5.ogg`: "Soaring over the sea" by mactonite http://ccmixter.org/files/mactonite/65379 (CC-BY)
`mcl_jukebox_track_6.ogg`: “Winter Feeling" by Tom Peter (CC BY-SA 3.0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_7.ogg`: “Synthgroove (Jordach's Mix)” by HeroOfTheWinds (CC0)
`mcl_jukebox_track_8.ogg`: “The Clueless Frog (Jordach's Mix)” by SoundHelix (CC0)

Note: 9 tracks are included. 3 music disc textures are currently unused.

### Sources

* “Winter Feeling”: <https://opengameart.org/content/winter-feeling>
* Other tracks: <https://github.com/Jordach/jdukebox/>

### License

Code licenced as GPLv3. Music under individual licenses (see abbreviations
above). Texture license: See main MineClone 2 README.md file.

See here for the full license texts:

* CC0: <https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>
* CC BY-SA 3.0: <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/>
* GPLv3: <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html>
